## Symbol tables 
We use the term symbol table to describe an abstract mechanism where we save in-
formation (a value) that we can later search for and retrieve by specifying a key

There can be a huge number of keys and a huge amount of information, so implementing an efficient symbol table is a significant computational challenge.

Symbol tables are sometimes called dictionaries, or indices
we consider three classic data structures that can support efficient symbol-table implementations:binary search trees, red-black trees, and hash tables

To implement a symbol table, we need to define an un-
derlying data structure and then specify algorithms for insert, search, and other opera-
tions that create and manipulate the data structure.

- Handeling duplication in ST
- When a client puts a key-value pair into a table already containing that key (and
	an associated value), the new value replaces the old one.
- Null keys. Keys must not be null. As with many mechanisms in Java, use of a null key
results in an exception at runtime
- Null values. We also adopt the convention that no key can be associated with the value
null.
- Deletion. Deletion in symbol tables generally involves one of two strategies: lazy dele-
tion, where we associate keys in the table with null, then perhaps remove all such keys
at some later time; and eager deletion, where we remove the key from the table imme-
diately.
- Key equality:- Determining whether or not a given key is in a symbol table is based on
the concept of object equality, which we discussed at length in Section 1.2 (see page
102). Java’s convention that all objects inherit an equals() method and its implementa-
tion of equals() both for standard types and complicated type 

### Ordered ST
- 