```jsx
<React.StrictMode>
<App/>
</React.StrictMode>
```
In React, "Strict Mode" is a development feature that helps you catch potential problems and bugs in your application by highlighting certain types of issues and enforcing best practices. It's not intended for use in production but rather as a tool to improve the quality of your code during development.
Meaning that when the code is pushed in production , these will have no effect on code just like they dont even exist in code base.

Here are some of the things React's Strict Mode does:

1. **Detects Common Mistakes:** Strict Mode makes it easier to spot common mistakes in your code and warns you about them. For example, it will catch and log:

   - Deprecated lifecycle methods usage.
   - Unsafe side effects in functions like `componentWillUpdate`.
   - Warnings about unexpected side effects.
   - Identifying components with unsafe render methods.
   - Warnings about deprecated legacy string ref API usage.

2. **Warns about Legacy Features:** It warns you about the use of some legacy features that are no longer recommended and may be removed in future React versions. This encourages you to update your code to use more modern approaches.

3. **Identifies Double Invocations:** Strict Mode can help you identify components with side effects that run twice. This is beneficial because it can uncover issues related to component rendering and state changes.

4. **Warns about FindDOMNode Usage:** It provides warnings when you use `ReactDOM.findDOMNode()`, which is generally discouraged because it may lead to inefficient and hard-to-maintain code.

To enable Strict Mode in a React application, you typically wrap your entire application or specific components in a `<React.StrictMode>` component in your root component. For example:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import App from './App';

ReactDOM.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>,
  document.getElementById('root')
);
```

It's important to note that Strict Mode only applies during development, and it doesn't affect the production build of your application. The idea is to catch and address issues during development so that your application runs more reliably and efficiently when it's deployed to production. Once your code is thoroughly tested and ready for production, you can remove the `<React.StrictMode>` wrapper.

In summary, React's Strict Mode is a valuable tool for improving code quality and catching potential problems early in the development process, helping developers write more robust and maintainable React applications.
